How many times have you forgot to carry the important identity card or document with you? People can easily get stuck at important places like Government Offices, Airports or Schools in case they forget to carry the documents. To fix this and enable you to safely carry the documents you require, we propose to build ChainCards.

Chaincards would enable you to store all your crucial identity cards and documents safely using blockchain. Chaincards would be an identity management application that uses public/private key encryption and data hashing to safely store and exchange identity data. This identity data could include biometrics like fingerprints, facial maps, iris patterns, and voice. Through the Chaincards application, a person manages and carries her identity data on her mobile phone. This person is the only person who determines which identification details are shared. Chaincards uses the blockchain as a public, immutable ledger that allows third parties to validate that the original data or certification has not been changed or misrepresented. The validation process consists of cryptographic operations that can be performed by SDKs from Chaincards or third parties.

The app would consume the bhamashah/e-mitra api to automatically retrieve most of the information about people and provide a seamless last-mile experience for people to manage their identity information. ChainCards would be fully based upon the data provided by Rajasthan government's amazing initiative Bhamasha/E-Mitra. Whether you are from a village or a major city, never forget or lose any important document with ChainCards!
